Workshop 4 & 5
APD545
Andrew Lo
162539217

Reflection

Transactional Integrity
In the application, the user can edit the Current Workload hours in the table. 
If the user does click cancel after editing, the edited values are still saved 
and the data is actually changed. In a production environment, this could allow
users to make changes without them realizing what they have done or realized that
the changes they made are live and save without confirming anything. Another big 
risk is that since it allows for live editing, any changes is permanent with no
way to detect or reverse it. There is no rollback / stack that tracks changes, so
all changes are essentially unaudited.

Scalability
If the system grew, the best way to optimize the program to improve performance would
be to utilize a hash map for for the look up of records. Right now, the program looks
through every single project and looks at all the assignment, and checks for the employee.
A hashmap that maps an employee directly to the list of their assignments would be
much faster than having to go through every single project and assignment. The only
thing wrong with this optimization is that it would use more memory as the assignments
are listed twice inside another map.

Design Patterns
The association class is useful to link projects and employees since it represents
the specific role and hours of an employee on a project. It neither belongs to the
employee soley, nor the project. Using a List inside the Project class
to keep track of the employees would lose context on what the role of each employee
would be doing, as well as the allocated hours. A hashmap would give the hour attribute
but would essentially be an Assignment. If not using the Assignment Class, A Map wouldn't 
allow for easy binding to the UI, making it difficult to do a live binding to the UI controls.


Additional Reflection
For this workshop, it was stated that only the controllers must only talk to services and
not the repositories. The UML as empRepo and projRepo for the AllocatorController and DashboardController.
Since controllers only talk to services, I deviated from those fields and made methods inside
the ResourceServices that interact with the repositories. 