Workshop 3
APD545 NBB
Andrew Lo
162539217

Reflection

What challenges did you encounter when implementing Manual DI, MVC, and Repository Pattern?

When implementing Manual DI, I wasn't initially sure where or how to inject, and at first I had a constructor
to handle the injection, but I fell back on creating a separate method to set the repositories when injecting
them. For the MVC pattern, I was initially confused on the implementation of the controllers for the different
sections of my form used to calculate the loan and amortization. After some research, I found the best way was to 
create an initialize method that would invoke a setFields method to give references to the FXML controls to
the corresponding controllers. For the repository patterns, I didn't have issues really, it was straightforward
to create a repository for the loans and users

How did you ensurethe amortization schedule displayed accurate and formatted data?

The setup for the amortization schedule was a bit difficult. I had to first ensure that the columns were correct
and also ensure that the columns that had money displayed were formatted correctly, where I used a helper method
to format those. 

What was the most challenging part of the workshop, and how did you overcome it?

For me, the most challenging part of the workshop was setting up the LoanController. Having to recognize
which controls were for which other controller and setting up the calculation was a difficult process.
It took some planning to figure out what exactly I needed in terms of calculation and then figuring out
For giving the controls to the correct controllers, I had to really plan and set up what I needed each 
controller to do, or figure out what exactly they should be doing. Following my designs, I was able to
accomplish this by looking at what each part of the loan building does and designate what each controller
will do.

What new skills or concepts did you learn that you found valuable?

Direct injecting was a fun concept to learn, that you can inject dependencies into modules.
It allowed for the whole program to be more decoupled, and when I was debugging, it made
the process a bit easier, being able to determine any errors I had and trace it back to
the module causing errors.

If you were to extend this application, what additional features would you add?
If I were to extend the application, I think I would add an actual connection to a database
to save users and loan rates. I think I would also add in hashing to keep the user information
safe and private. 