workshop 1 reflection

In this workshop, we developed a program to manage a fleet of vehicles. 

Using the Model View Controller (MVC) design pattern, it helped to organize my the application's
functionality into different sections. The Model portion of the MVC design pattern helped to
organize the code that would model all the data. This meant that we would have to model the 
different vehicles using some sort of reusable code. Creating a hierarchical structure of 
Vehicles and categories and their concrete classes helped to organize the code into unique sections
that define the object and would reduce the amount of copy and pasted code we would have to write.

Separating out the view and controller to handle output formatting and business logic respectively 
also helped to organize the code in a way that different input and display logic could be reused 
without having to rewrite code again and again. The design pattern really helped to shape how the
code would flow and where things belong, but it can be a little confusing at times. 

When implementing the class heirarchy, some of the challenges that came about were deciding where
things belong. I had to figure out which fields and methods are abstract and which ones are subclasses.
I was particularly confused about the getCategory, I wasn't sure at first if the abstract class 
CommercialVehicle, PassengerVehicle and SpecializedVehicle level should handle it or the concrete classes.

Another challenge was constructor chaining. Ensuring that the super() calls are correct throughout the 
heirarchy was tricky at first since I got some compilation errors.

Using the Comparable interface made ordering and sorting so much easier. Reading up on the comparable
interface, I could call .sort() or use the compareTo() to be able to directly compare custom types.
This made things simplier and I thought it would be much more coding to access properties and compare.

The functional interface and lambda were able to reduce the amount of manual code needed for sorting and
filtering. For the IVehicleFilter, i was able to call a lambda in the conroller to filter out vehicles.
This made the code cleaner and easier to write out.